BigDisk mode lets you have virtual .hfe floppies that are 2.5mb in capacity,
by putting 254 tracks on them--with the catch that some software support is
needed.

You create the image with:
	python lifutils.py --bigdisk create disk.lif
	./lif2hfe.sh disk
or more directly with:
	python lifutils.py --bigdisk create disk.hfe

Because the HP-1653B/52B requires a special magic sector #98 (actually, the second
sector on the track, but weirdly renumbered) on track 79 side 0 of the floppy, 
with some floppy parameters on it, there is basically a one-sector (1024 byte) hole
in the middle of the disk data. This is handled by lifutils.py creating a special
1024 byte file that sits right over that sector, and should not be deleted or moved,
named "|RESERVED|". Because of that file, you should not use the HP's system PACK
function to defragment the storage. Instead use the lifutils.py pack function.
If you do accidentally pack the disk with the HP's PACK function and the *RESERVED*
file gets moved, the virtual disk will no longer be readable by the HP. Fortunately,
it will still be readable by lifutils.py, and you can restore full functionality by
running the lifutils.py function on it.

However, there is a second catch. The ROM sets a hard 77 track (minus the last 256
byte block, probably due to an off-by-one bug) limit on floppies. To overcome this limit, 
a software fix is needed. Currently (this may change) the software fix is provided in two 
ways. First, if you use the libhp165x.a library for your own code, the code will incorporate
the fix. As a result if you write something yourself that stores data on disk and use
the library, as long as your code is on the first 77 tracks, the code will be able to access
the full disk. 

The other option is to use the bdloader program. If you run bdloader, it installs a very
small memory resident VBL interrupt handler that removes the 77 track limit on BigDisk
virtual floppies. You can then use bdloader to load the standard HP SYSTEM_ file by
putting that somewhere on the same disk. Or you can just patch standard HP SYSTEM_ file.
The screenshot patch includes a bigdisk patch.
